Mom.
not at home today
He comes to see me every day.
Have something to say.
I came here to give you another chance.
Who makes you want to be
Get down on your knees and tell me you can't do it.
Only one money back for me.
I would consider not giving it to you.
You don't have a fever?
What do you mean?
No fever then start talking nonsense.
Gentleman, you lost this to him.
Who do you think you are?
you are a bastard
I can marry you.
That is the blessing you have cultivated for eight lifetimes.
You see, I married you because I did evil to you in my previous life.
annoying, run away
Is that you?
Don't think
You and your ex-boyfriend hooked up.
I do not know.
I'm not saying you want me to take care of your house.
You really make me willing to accept.
I have this knife.
What's up?
I haven't told you yet.
I found him last time.